poplus_event.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: PoplusCon
---

<!-- <div class="clipped">
  <h2>Poplus Conference</h2>
  <h3>29th & 30th April 2014 in Santiago, Chile</h3>
</div> -->

<div id="bkEventDiv">
<svg width="100%" height="100%">
  <defs>
    <mask id="theMask">
      <rect width="101%" height="100%" fill="#fff" />
      <text x="0" y="90" id="theEventTit" fill="#000">Poplus Conference</text>
      <text x="0" y="150" id="theEventText" fill="#000">29th & 30th April 2014 in Santiago, Chile</text>
    </mask>
  </defs>
  <rect width="101%" height="100%" mask="url(#theMask)" fill="#eaedf2" />
</svg>
</div>

<div class="center">
  <a class="btn-red" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1v6eTcXjReQmVJpMZ2gw4f0QGddswiyhusivyuFnS7yc/viewform">Register now!</a>
</div>

<iframe width="100%" height="480" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/x2eMnQ1XxE4?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Follow &#35;PoplusCon for updates

## Submit a session proposal [here][sessions]

#### What’s it About?

PoplusCon will bring civic coders, campaigners and activists from around the world together in Santiago for two days of events.  The aims of the conference are:

- **To introduce the Poplus concept**: How we can work together to build software that helps civil society groups and campaigners launch powerful websites - anywhere in the world.

- **To share stories and experiences**, both technical and non-technical, of running digital campaigns and sites

- **To introduce the first Poplus Components** - [WriteIt][writeit], [MapIt][mapit], [BillIt][billit], [SayIt][sayit], [VoteIt][developmentboard] and [PopIt][popit] and give practical advice and support to individuals/groups wishing to use them

- **To agree definitions for “Poplus Component” and “Poplus Application”**, and to provide support and advice to groups who want to adapt an existing tool for the project or build something new

- **To make connections between groups that might wish to work together in the future**



#### Who is it for?

Poplus is all about collaborating in the creation of civic digital tools to improve society. If you're interested in that aim, you should attend the conference.

You may be an individual, or working as part of a group. Perhaps you're developing tools for others to use, or you may be campaigners that need sites and tools built for you. Whatever the case, if you're interested in the benefits that collaboration can bring, you're welcome to attend.

#### What can I expect?

We’ll be working together in an unconference style so each attendee can propose sessions, talks and workshops. These will be spaces to share ideas on the future of Poplus, make suggestions for new components and, most importantly, forge the beginnings of a collaborative civic coding movement. 

This will be a place where people can come together to create and collaborate. We hope people will leave feeling inspired, with concrete ideas to engage their communities, and new connections that strengthen the network of people working for greater transparency and accountability.


#### How much does it cost?
The conference is free to attend

#### When is it?
29th and 30th April 2014

#### Where is it?
[Lo Contador Campus at the Pontificia Catholic University][location],  El Comendador 1916, Providencia, Santiago, Chile

#### Will travel grants be available?
The application process for travel grants has now closed. People eligible for grants will be contacted soon, if you haven't been successful this time we hope to welcome you to future Poplus events!

#### How do I register my interest in attending?
Simple!  Use this [form][register].

#### How can I learn more?
Keep checking this website for regular updates and follow us on @Poplusproject. Use the hashtag &#35;PoplusCon for unconference tweets and updates.





[register]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1v6eTcXjReQmVJpMZ2gw4f0QGddswiyhusivyuFnS7yc/viewform
[writeit]: http://writeit.ciudadanointeligente.org
[billit]: http://poplus.org/posts/billit/
[sayit]: http://sayit.mysociety.org/
[developmentboard]: https://trello.com/b/5gGF4xrJ/poplus-development
[popit]: http://popit.mysociety.org/
[mapit]: http://code.mapit.mysociety.org/
[sessions]: http://poplus.org/Popluscon_session_FAQ
[location]: https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Pontificia+Universidad+Cat%C3%B3lica+de+Chile/@-33.420096,-70.618007,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x9662cf6087b6b2a1:0x42104b9842c65eba

Commit message:

New post: things you need to know about Stgo

poplus_event.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: PoplusCon
---

<!-- <div class="clipped">
  <h2>Poplus Conference</h2>
  <h3>29th & 30th April 2014 in Santiago, Chile</h3>
</div> -->

<div id="bkEventDiv">
<svg width="100%" height="100%">
  <defs>
    <mask id="theMask">
      <rect width="101%" height="100%" fill="#fff" />
      <text x="0" y="90" id="theEventTit" fill="#000">Poplus Conference</text>
      <text x="0" y="150" id="theEventText" fill="#000">29th & 30th April 2014 in Santiago, Chile</text>
    </mask>
  </defs>
  <rect width="101%" height="100%" mask="url(#theMask)" fill="#eaedf2" />
</svg>
</div>

<div class="center">
  <a class="btn-red" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1v6eTcXjReQmVJpMZ2gw4f0QGddswiyhusivyuFnS7yc/viewform">Register now!</a>
</div>

<iframe width="100%" height="480" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/x2eMnQ1XxE4?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> #### * Follow &#35;PoplusCon for updates
> #### * Submit a session proposal [here][sessions]
> #### * [Things you need to know about Santiago][post-aboutstgo] before PoplusCon.


#### What’s it About?

PoplusCon will bring civic coders, campaigners and activists from around the world together in Santiago for two days of events.  The aims of the conference are:

- **To introduce the Poplus concept**: How we can work together to build software that helps civil society groups and campaigners launch powerful websites - anywhere in the world.

- **To share stories and experiences**, both technical and non-technical, of running digital campaigns and sites

- **To introduce the first Poplus Components** - [WriteIt][writeit], [MapIt][mapit], [BillIt][billit], [SayIt][sayit], [VoteIt][developmentboard] and [PopIt][popit] and give practical advice and support to individuals/groups wishing to use them

- **To agree definitions for “Poplus Component” and “Poplus Application”**, and to provide support and advice to groups who want to adapt an existing tool for the project or build something new

- **To make connections between groups that might wish to work together in the future**



#### Who is it for?

Poplus is all about collaborating in the creation of civic digital tools to improve society. If you're interested in that aim, you should attend the conference.

You may be an individual, or working as part of a group. Perhaps you're developing tools for others to use, or you may be campaigners that need sites and tools built for you. Whatever the case, if you're interested in the benefits that collaboration can bring, you're welcome to attend.

#### What can I expect?

We’ll be working together in an unconference style so each attendee can propose sessions, talks and workshops. These will be spaces to share ideas on the future of Poplus, make suggestions for new components and, most importantly, forge the beginnings of a collaborative civic coding movement. 

This will be a place where people can come together to create and collaborate. We hope people will leave feeling inspired, with concrete ideas to engage their communities, and new connections that strengthen the network of people working for greater transparency and accountability.


#### How much does it cost?
The conference is free to attend

#### When is it?
29th and 30th April 2014

#### Where is it?
[Lo Contador Campus at the Pontificia Catholic University][location],  El Comendador 1916, Providencia, Santiago, Chile

#### Will travel grants be available?
The application process for travel grants has now closed. People eligible for grants will be contacted soon, if you haven't been successful this time we hope to welcome you to future Poplus events!

#### How do I register my interest in attending?
Simple!  Use this [form][register].

#### How can I learn more?
Keep checking this website for regular updates and follow us on @Poplusproject. Use the hashtag &#35;PoplusCon for unconference tweets and updates.




[post-aboutstgo]: /posts/things-you-need-to-know-about-stgo/
[register]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1v6eTcXjReQmVJpMZ2gw4f0QGddswiyhusivyuFnS7yc/viewform
[writeit]: http://writeit.ciudadanointeligente.org
[billit]: http://poplus.org/posts/billit/
[sayit]: http://sayit.mysociety.org/
[developmentboard]: https://trello.com/b/5gGF4xrJ/poplus-development
[popit]: http://popit.mysociety.org/
[mapit]: http://code.mapit.mysociety.org/
[sessions]: http://poplus.org/Popluscon_session_FAQ
[location]: https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Pontificia+Universidad+Cat%C3%B3lica+de+Chile/@-33.420096,-70.618007,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x9662cf6087b6b2a1:0x42104b9842c65eba
