components/apply/index.md, before:

---
layout: inner-page
title: Making new Poplus components
---

## How to get your software certified as a Poplus Component

Anyone can apply to have a piece of software certified as an official Poplus Component. Once certified it can be given a whole section on Poplus.org and will be discussed, used and celebrated by Poplus members around the world.

We have a certification process so that people trying to build apps and websites using Poplus Components have a good experience. This good experience is important to make people appreciate the value of sharing civic software, and of Poplus as a community.

We also have a certification process to help coders and designers to understand what features and characteristics a piece of software needs to have before it is highly re-usable, in the Poplus way. So the certification process is at least 50% an education process to help guide people to understand what the Poplus Component philosophy is.

## Why apply to have your code certified as a Poplus Component?

Poplus Components are being built to make it easier to build civic and democratic and campaigning websites and apps of all kinds. If your code becomes a Poplus Component it means you’ll have a chance to help activists, journalists and regular citizens all over the world, not just now but in the years ahead.

## How to apply

To get started on having your piece of software certified, you need to make a copy of [this application form](https://docs.google.com/a/mysociety.org/document/d/1N70pkeuUc4npp-QerZo68YjvnULNRgakmYv8OCOFsKo/edit), fill it in, and send it to the [Poplus Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/poplus) to let us know that you’ve applied. We’ll then get back to you within a week with some positive and encouraging feedback, explaining what you’ll need to do next.

Applying is not an all-or-nothing process. We encourage people to see applying as a chance to learn how a piece of software would need to be improved or re-used before it gets the official ‘Poplus Component’ certification. We don’t expect anyone to submit code that is instantly badged as a Poplus Component - it’s more a process of growing the software into the shape of a component, a bit like growing a plant in a pot.

## Who does the certification process?

At the moment, the certification process is run by a mix of people who have volunteered to be part of the Poplus Components Sub-Group.

Commit message:

components/apply: Add a final paragraph inviting them to join Google group

components/apply/index.md, after:

---
layout: "inner-page"
title: Making new Poplus components
published: true
---

## How to get your software certified as a Poplus Component

Anyone can apply to have a piece of software certified as an official Poplus Component. Once certified it can be given a whole section on Poplus.org and will be discussed, used and celebrated by Poplus members around the world.

We have a certification process so that people trying to build apps and websites using Poplus Components have a good experience. This good experience is important to make people appreciate the value of sharing civic software, and of Poplus as a community.

We also have a certification process to help coders and designers to understand what features and characteristics a piece of software needs to have before it is highly re-usable, in the Poplus way. So the certification process is at least 50% an education process to help guide people to understand what the Poplus Component philosophy is.

## Why apply to have your code certified as a Poplus Component?

Poplus Components are being built to make it easier to build civic and democratic and campaigning websites and apps of all kinds. If your code becomes a Poplus Component it means you’ll have a chance to help activists, journalists and regular citizens all over the world, not just now but in the years ahead.

## How to apply

To get started on having your piece of software certified, you need to make a copy of [this application form](https://docs.google.com/a/mysociety.org/document/d/1N70pkeuUc4npp-QerZo68YjvnULNRgakmYv8OCOFsKo/edit), fill it in, and send it to the [Poplus Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/poplus) to let us know that you’ve applied. We’ll then get back to you within a week with some positive and encouraging feedback, explaining what you’ll need to do next.

Applying is not an all-or-nothing process. We encourage people to see applying as a chance to learn how a piece of software would need to be improved or re-used before it gets the official ‘Poplus Component’ certification. We don’t expect anyone to submit code that is instantly badged as a Poplus Component - it’s more a process of growing the software into the shape of a component, a bit like growing a plant in a pot.

## Who does the certification process?

At the moment, the certification process is run by a mix of people who have volunteered to be part of the Poplus Components sub-group.

If you have any questions or want to learn more about Poplus, components, or this process, please join the [Poplus Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/poplus).
